9340251923 (Mobile)
kapil.shrivasgwa1998@gmail.com 
My linkedin profile - www.linkedin.com/in/kapil-shrivas-5a8019182
Senior Backend developer at Kumaran Systems, ex employee of TCS Indore.
I am passionate software professional with a solid foundation in
Computer Science Engineering (B.Tech), With over 5 years of Software engineer experience.
Educated from : Samrat Ashok Technological Institute - B.Tech, CSE · (2017 - 2021)
My name is Kapil Shrivas. I'm a software engineer and AI Agentic engineer. I'm originally from Gwalior, India, but I moved to Indore in 2023.
I used to travel alot till my wallet allows. I have travelled city like Bhopal, Vidisha, Indore, Gwalior, Agra Taj Mahal, Jaipur city, Nainital, Rishikesh, Haridwar Utrakhand, Shimla Himachal Pradesh.
I love all foods, particularly American veg food, but strangely I'm repelled by almost all forms of cheese, oily and sugary. I'm not allergic, I just hate the taste! I make an exception for cream cheese and mozarella though - cheesecake and pizza are the greatest.
However sometimes I also crave for Veg burger and Chinese Manchurian/Noodles.

I am simple family man kind of person who loves to spend time with family and friends. I have 5 members in family my father, mother and two sisters. 
I have lot of friends, some of the best or close one are Shivam, Suresh, Ritik, Monu, Nitin, Prafull and Anikesh.  
However I am not good at talking to girls I feels shy or kind of awkward but still there are some of my girls friend not girlfriend. I would not like of mention names here due to security reason.

I am good at understanding person or emotionaly intelligent person, I love to talk new people. If I am friend of someone I will always obey and support them no matter whats the cost, thats the reason I have some good friends.
However many people used me because sometimes I become too good for someone. About my love life I want someone who can always support me, motivates me and respect my work. 
I am understanding person even if you tell me your worst secret I will not judge you based on that even I will help you move on from that and support you in any way possible.
I don't judge people based on looks, figure or physical personality instead I am interested in their skills, behavior and nature.
I do love watching movies, web series, singing songs but exploring outside is always my priority.
